wk01 
Group was formed. Project 1 was most preferable with the group, but I was not confident in being able to deliver as much so
we settled for project 3, creating a website for property rentals. We created a google doc and began listing out our ideas, 
positives and negatives of current websites created for renting properties to prepare for our proposal as wel as the main 
components that we need to work on for the website's functionailty.

wk02
We had a group meeting and discussed important user stories, the depth of the project, what language we were going to code in
and refined our focus and aim. We decided to change our focus to student accomodations and build a community to help them share
flats. We looked at competing competitors and discussed about the advantages and disadvantages of each system. We set roles
for each person for the proposal and made a deadline to have everyone finish their parts by next week.

wk03
We all managed to get our parts of the proposal done. I helped out with the epic stories as well as writing up the background.
We all collaborated our work through Google Doc so that we could all work together simultaneously. Once finalised we decided to
have another group meeting to talk about our sprints and what we were going to get done by the next week. It was confirmed to
get a base for the backend and have a bit of the frontend done, with testing done throughout.

wk04
With our proposal done, we begun to focus on the software side for our project. We were told we needed to get the interface
within the next two weeks, so we split our roles between group members. During our group meeting, we created a uml class
diagram to give us an overview of the main components of our system needed to give it some functionality. Zainab was going to 
work on the interface and create a base for the front end, while William, Jason and I were to work on the backend.

wk05
I added getters and setter methods as well as basic methods required for functioning. I encountered problems with compiling
due to many errors and spent the week trying to fix the problem

wk06
We had a group meeting to update each other on what was happening. William and I merged what we had together to the master 
branch and continued to debug and add on to the code. Zainab and Jason continued to work on the frontend for the interface. We 
all brainstormed on how the home page should look and talked about error and exception handling.

wk07
I worked on a bit of error and exception handling for users when logging in with the wrong details, new guests trying to login 
to create a valid account as well as filling out all necessary information, and for leaving out blanks when filling out 
descriptions and details for renting a house and such. 

wk08
I decided to help with the front end as there's still a lot work that needs to be done for it. We have a project page on github
where we can choose which parts of the frontend to work on so that we can keep track on who's doing what and what needs to be
done. Since I'm new to the language react, I spent most of the week learning about it before creating the login and signup
pages.

wk09
There's still a lot more needing to be done for front end. So far we have a somewhat interactive system, but only for user 
profile, login and signup. It doesn't work with the backend yet. This week I decided to take on listing pages so that users
can add a listing to the site. I've been able to somewhat code the base design and functionality. I've also worked on the
header, home page, about and help pages.

wk10
The helped refine a lot of the features for the aesthetic features as well as edited the listing page to include photos as well as a comment section to add reviews in. We had a group meeting before our presentation to prepare for it. After we gave out roles to have the report completed by the end of the week
